=== TRANSCRIPTION ===
Hi, Jitin. What happened to the that session DV got wiped off? It seems I think Sachin and Pitesh were doing some sync from both to demos to and demo to demo for the curves tables. Never mind joining the call. So let's see how that works. Shoni? Irfan might also join the call. I was chatting with him, but I think what we'll do is we'll start with the if Robert joins, we'll start with we'll keep the data factory updates late because I wanted to give it to Robert and I think that will be really good where we started. Hey Robert, good morning. Good afternoon. Robert, you're in London or Swiss Hello. Good afternoon, Tony. Hello. Good to see you. Good to see you. Good morning, Tony. Good morning, Irfan. How are you? Doing good. Perfect. I think maybe Dr. Lee would be joining shortly and then we can get started. So, good morning. Robert, are you able to hear us? Tony, are you still in London, or you are back? Yeah, I'm in London. I was in Pulpao last week and I came back to London. And I think I'll be here at least another week. Okay. Good. Okay. So, I think, Tony, we had like a three-fold agenda for today's call. Yes. On last week's discussion, we have some of the key observability metrics and dashboards that you wanted to see within the product itself. So, we'll show you those pieces: how data agents and data factories are shipping up, what's the status of the data refreshes, what things we are working on from a stylist standpoint, and you know, the different insights on tops of models and how everything is basically published out there. And you'll see the different agents that have been built in this journey. How are they live there? The second part is we have shared across the two-page document on that competition which you wanted to have. Yes. I shared it on Tuesday. Do let me know if you have any comments on that. And thirdly, I think Robert also wanted to deep dive on some of the data factory agents. So we've kind of prepared a few narratives and discussions specific to AL. Where are the missing gaps that we feel that we can bridge both from a model standpoint and some of the key assumptions? Okay. Robert, anything from your side that I missed or you wanted to add? Yeah, I mean, I mean, I think. I mean, you guys saw my usage. Yes. I think a lot of problems with the data. So I think we can get started with that topic itself then. Let me screen. Hey, Dr. Ali, good afternoon. Hey, hi, good afternoon, everyone. All right. So two updates. So, Tony and Robert, if you can see now, when you log in and click on your initials out here, you will be seeing an observability hub out here. When you click on this, this will basically give you end-to-end visibility of how things behind the scenes being plumbed and how are they working. So, the first one is the agent network. These are all the agents that are currently working behind the scenes, which have been curated with some specific inputs from your literature and all the discussions that we are having and you are having as we go ahead. And these agents will only increase out there. Currently, the ones which are in blue, that is like the dev in-dev oil disruption, these are work in progress. But the ones which are active are behind the scenes, and we come to know which are the agents we need to fine-tune in order to kind of get the desired results that you need out there. So, this gives you a view of different agents that have been created with the purpose mentioned out there. Similarly, you can see there are 21 agents active at this moment. There's a compliance list also, basically. Vaso, please, if you go back just here to highlight a few items. The first item is we do have a distinction between the different models on the different commodities on the different products. If you see here, domain models, the second row, in the domain models, we have different commodities, and each one of them has got multiple models inside it. These are specialized models to forecast each product within that category. So, that is the domain models. This is different from the agents that are taking different actions and behaving and taking decisions based on the forecast of these models. So, that is the first layer. You see the orchestration. We have the reformulator, the clarification agent, the lightweight agent, the planning agent, the main agent that is the STDF one. So, there are multiple agents there. The main ones are already created, and that is what we are releasing in this release. Plus, if you can see, there is other agents we are saying coming soon. Are they there, team, or they are moved? Anyway, there are other agents that are being in the cookie. These are more of complementary and/or agents to the main ones. We will dig deeper into this. We call them micro-agents. We will dig deeper into them. I think in the other tabs. And we will tell you what is now the new role of these, and how, because at the end of the day, we don't care much about, okay, we have all these changes. Who cares? Who cares is these are all working together with one objective and goal at mind: improving the quality of the responses. A very interesting thing that we are doing in this release, and we're so proud of it, which is we have a quantification mechanism into our quality, and how are we close to the STDF framework, and what is the gap between the response and the STDF. So, we will dig into this very shortly. To you, Barry. Okay, Dr. I'll also go to the different cron jobs, Tony, that you had requested. So, you will see a lot of active cron queries that are already configured. Some run on a daily basis, some would be on a weekly, and some on a monthly basis. And these are the different topics that are being picked. And these would be changing based on your conversation with the tool, as well as some of the key topics that you already highlighted from day one out there. And they'll be picking some of the key aspects of it. I would say queries based on the different intel it is being picked, whether you are talking to the product, Robert is having some conversation, and you will be able to view how the cron jobs are currently working. Eventually, you'll be able to control the schedule and also the recipient out there. And currently, I'm working with Eden to kind of switch that sending email to autonomystellar.com email out there. So, all your daily stand-up pieces are being crunched and you know, taken care of from Stellar Sense piece out there. Vasu, before you go to the data factory, the compliance checklist. This is a detailed compliance checklist that we have built based on a lot of sessions that we have done, which helps us to kind of score, get your feedback based on your conversations, like when Robert or you have conversation, you know, how the model is self-learning, and we are able to benchmark. Jitan, would you like to give a high-level overview on the C10? Before Jitin jumps in here, this is if you go up, Vasu. Yes, so that is what I meant, Tony and Robert. This is this is if you ask me what is the what is the biggest item we are releasing and talking about in February, I would say this what you are seeing. What is this? This is basically an illustration of Tony Sieber framework. We why I see this as a big deal because at least for myself, this is the first time where we see all the dimensions of the framework illustrated in this way with a very clear checklist. This will allow us to do two things: one is to see how far our response from the expectation of Tony Sieber framework and what are the gaps. So, if you see here, we have around 10 different dimensions. So, we have different dimensions that represent Tony Sieber framework, and each one of them will have even a description, weight. They can also have all weights, they can all have the same weight. I mean, so whenever we have a response, we check is it based on cost, curve analysis, it is based on capability analysis, it is used, it uses the right source of data. So, if you just click on capability analysis, there in each dimension, if I may call it capability dimension, inside the capability analysis, you will see different elements, different items. They are all performance metric. If you go to the cross-curve analysis, there is also a different set of items that we cross-check our responses to these dimensions or to these metrics or to these criteria. This allows us to see how far are we are from the expectation of a CDF. It will get, and with this way, we can also monitor a release after release. We will see how are we progressing. Now, there are two items I want to highlight. If you go down, Vasu, two things. The evaluation, how is it done? We do real-time evaluation. When you fire a query, before we give you the response, we assess it in real time as per a CDF framework. This is one. This is the online evaluation. But we also do offline evaluation. That is continuous evaluation or batch evaluation that is much more comprehensive. What do we do? We take the history of your chat, of your interaction with the product, all the responses that were given by the model, and we scored them. We scored them against what you see here, the 10 different dimensions and the elements or the criteria in each dimension inside those 10. It takes time, takes maybe 40 to one hour of evaluation offline. Why we are doing this? That is how we see, okay, that the session that Robert had one week ago, how well did we do? What was wrong? Is it the source of the data, or we did not apply the right cost curve analysis? Or so the 10 dimensions you see here with their different criteria inside is used to evaluate the historical responses. We cannot do the same thing online. So, what we did for the online evaluation, we took the most critical ones, like everything has to be cost curve-driven, capability-driven, data sources has to be right, so that we can do sanity quick check before we give the response. Last part I want to say before I hand it over back to you, Vasu and Jitin. What we are doing at the background, that is also in the cook, we are building a dedicating micro agent for every single element in these dimensions. So, if you see, we have from C1 to C10. If you go inside C1, for example, which is the cost, if you go to C2, yes, cost curve analysis, you will see how many we have two, one, two, two, two, three, two, four, until how many? 10, 2, 11, I think, or even 212. So, we have 12 different items. Each item, we are building a macro agent or a microagent dedicated to check how are we doing in this aspect. With this, we will build around 73 micro agents just dedicated to check we are 100% compliant with STDF framework. So, that is all this page is about. If I summarize it in one sentence, it is a very systematic, structured mechanism to measure the quality of our responses against STDF framework and how can we improve them. That's basically it. Ali, measure against do we use our feedback as measurement, or I mean, how does it know what the right thing is? Okay, it is two things. Of course, we use the feedback, but in some items, we need to make sure that some it's a binary check. Does it exist or not? Rather than qualitative check. It's like having a checklist whether, for example, before we formulate a specific response, did we call the right cost curves? Yes or no? So, it's a checklist that we go through. It checks itself. Yes. Jitin, I see you want to say something, please go ahead. Yes, so for example, for any new analysis that we have not performed, for example, if we want to do a detailed analysis on oil for the first time and we want to create a detailed report which is looking at everything, like all of the demand drivers for oil. So, this is the kind of checklist that we'll use to check the overall report and the reasoning that is being used in the report that basically checks marks all of the criteria in the checklist that historical cost curves for the incumbent and the disruptor have been identified for each demand driver. And we also have the current values of cost. And similarly, we have a full disruption map for the demand driver that we have. So, basically, this is just a series of checklists which we want to just make sure that all of the points are getting covered so that we are disruption framework client. And this sort of becomes like a guiding, let's say, set of first principles for us: how to do any modeling using the disruption process itself. So, it's basically doing two sides of the job. It's helping us in the analysis, how we should start any new analysis for any new entity or any new disruption in any new product. And it also helps us to evaluate and measure where we are, where is the current response in terms of quality. We can now actually quantitatively sort of define like this is the quality, these are the criteria, criteria that were matched in the analysis, and these are the criteria that we were not able to match. Like, we were not able to produce the right cost curves or the capability curves, it will be highlighted, and then we'll have a score which can tell us how far away we are from the ideal scenario that you want to be in. So, yeah, so that's the overall approach. And it also gives us capability to create for each of the items in the checklist a micro agent. So, an agent which has a very specific task. So, in this case, the specific task can be produce a full disruption map for oil. What are the demand drivers? And for each demand driver, what is the incumbent and the disruptor, and what are the technology? So, each agent has a specific task and a specific success criteria, which helps us design a much better overall analysis report. So, yeah, it's helping in both sides: the execution as well as the evaluation. So, when we have a new cost curve, say DNA printing, essentially, it would know how to do an analysis even though it hasn't done it before. Correct. This is how we extrapolate to new cost curves and new capabilities and so on. Yes, it is actually adding the generalizability aspect into the framework. 100%. Correct. And we have also given some weight. For example, any, let's say, new cost curve comes GLP1 out there. The cost metric has to be defined, which is weighted as critical. Historical cost data is cited or not critical. Does it have experience curve or cost period identified? Okay, good to have, but the weightage is not critical but high. Does the floor cost has been addressed? All those pieces, right? The total cost of ownership and cost trajectory, which we have found in your discussions, in your books, in all the different ways that you see cost, not just through a single angle, but you always say it's always a capability cost curve. That's how it flows. So, after it does cost curve analysis, it has a very detailed capability curve analysis. So, it knows that this is the framework's non-negotiable checks it has to do during different weights, irrespective of any domain it will basically get into. Got it. And we have done that for cost curves, capability, adoption curves, tipping points, and most importantly, the data integrity. And there are some double clicks on factory and auto-refresh also that you can easily see it how the agents are moving behind the scenes. So, I think we explained the agent network, compliance checklist, stellar sense is primarily the cron jobs, and these cron jobs will get added so that you will be able to see their schedules, runs, and you know, modify the recipients. This is the most important part, which is the data factory overview, which will tell you how is the health of data factory as of today. So, this refreshes on a daily basis, where it will tell you, okay, what is inside currently on top? We are currently focusing a lot of time series curve, artificial labor data, and a lot of autonomous vehicle and automobile sales production mark line dashboards that have been created that Gita is consuming can be launched from here. Totally, I would say, thousand curves, which will keep on increasing these many adoption cost curves and other curves are there. It will give you a slice based on different sectors or domain of interest out here. It will also give some of the 17 core providers which it is connected. It has exactly the websites, API, the pages, and the URL where the data refresh happens. The day it is refreshed, it will be pulled out here. It will also give you a mix of saying globally, region-wise, what is kind of the data curve coverage that you have at a country level, and then some of the more dedicated dashboards that we have built out here. This kind of gives you where we are. But the auto-refresh is the most important part. This one, if you see, this indicates that the auto-refresh agent is active. We come to know whether it has automatically detected the source, verifications, and quality checks are done. It will keep on running this. This will basically run it once a week or five times, I would say between five business working days, not on a daily basis. But some cases we do do it daily basis, such as Tesla FSDs and Waymo, and all where they update on a daily basis. So they have different frequencies, and you come to know whatever is blue. The agent was able to successfully retrive and update the data up to 2025 or 2026 as of now, the blue ones. The orange ones, it will keep on trying and updating out there. And the purple ones are typically calculated based on what is already there out there. So the goal of this agent is only thing to paint this entire picture blue on a regular basis without any human intervention on a regular basis. And you'll be able to get some more drill downs as well where you're saying passenger car, which source, which out there. So those drills will also be available on this. Why is it when I go to the net the track record so poor? When you say when you go on net, you say it picks up the wrong data? I mean, you guys have the transcripts. I don't need to explain myself here. I mean, it's like, because I don't want to explain it because I don't want to embarrass things, but it's just like, it doesn't make sense. I believe you are talking in specific context of the AL piece, right, Robert? No, I'm speaking generally about going to the web to find data and bringing back a whole bunch of stuff that's really just wrong. Vasu, yesterday you'll see the transcripts over going and finding where Fed funds is. This is not complicated, right? It's like, and even after querying it, it insists. And it's only when I actually get the actual transcript that it says, wow, you're right. I had crap data, didn't check time stamps, you know, tertiary sources. I mean, no process around that data, the observation of data from the web, no process around that. Yes, I think to kind of pump the real-time data through these checks, that is something happens on the batch as of now. So if you kind of pick a data set or a source and say, hey, do it, it would basically use it only for that session because it takes a good amount of time for it to go and evaluate it and go through this compliance that we mentioned. So typically, if you go under a batch evaluation, not in a real-time evaluation piece as of now. And we are working on that actively. We did understand that when you are posting a lot of data, it is not able to kind of give you on-the-fly response on that moment, saying, hey, here is the data, just do it. It runs a lot of behind-the-scene calculation, and we have observed that. And that is one of the task items for us where we want to basically perfect it, I would say. Yes, but just one thing: there is a quality assurance layer in the data tree well, including before it goes to the web. Actually, that was heavily discussed and implemented. Maybe because of the push or the release that happened last night or yesterday, we just need to take it offline, dig deeper into how this happened. But as from a design perspective, there is a quality assurance layer that takes care of the filtering and the scrutiny of the data before it comes and before it gets used. So, there is a process, but it broke down in this release. Sorry? There is a process, but it broke down in this release. Yes, yes. This is my suspicion. I suspect so, because we had done the push or the release yesterday, so maybe something went wrong. But as a design and as an implementation, there is a quality assurance. Actually, there is a full governance layer on web data. We need to dig deeper into it offline, and we can get back to you, Robert, with much better and solid answer than just suspicions now. Yeah, I think that a lot of this data we need to update every day. There's a lot of the cost curves, you know, we may be a month or a week behind, and so on. I don't want us to, but there's a lot of data that we need, you know, real-time, accurate, up-to-the-minute data, and that should not be negotiable. And we should revisit a lot of that data. A lot. I mean, to make this investable, a lot hinges on accuracy and precision, both of that data. Make sense? 100%. Yes. Yes. Including the intervals of the update or the frequency of the update. It is set by the way and assigned according to the type of data. So, as Vasso said at the beginning, some of them are on a monthly basis, some others are on a daily basis. And so, we do acknowledge, Tony, and appreciate in some tasks or queries, we do need to have the data update on the minute level. So, we will visit the schedules, these schedules of the update. By the way, the auto-refresh part, it is like the first step towards our global vision of having the data never sleeps vision. The first step towards it. Is there a technical reason why we're not updating everything every day? Some of the curves are doing every day, but not all because it becomes more resource-intensive, and we have to take care of atomicity of data because update a single curve, there are some checks and values where historical data should match, then only it gets insert. So, we are trying to optimize cost and refresh. But for AL, we have put more focus and we've created a dedicated approach that we want to validate with you on the AL side. For example, definitely we are wanting to make it on a daily basis because of the things that are changing, the kind of data that is being available in the domain out there. So, you have created a small, I would say, six-slide view that we can walk through what we have and what is missing. I think, and this is to the point, Tony, which you said, yes, you and Robert needs to guide us also, which will help us to model energy better, oil better, AL in a better sense, so that it is used and consumed, and the model is, you know, would be able to approach it in the right manner. Right, okay. So, I think I'll just give you a quick overview of how AL is being modeled as of today. I think, Jitan, if you can quickly walk us through some of the pieces that we have versus what we rely on data standpoint. And this is primarily coming from Tony your and Robert's session on AL and the questions you asked on the data freshness. Sure. So I'll just quickly go through the current model on AL that we have. I'll start with the data part. So on the data side, what we have is we have gathered a lot of data from BLS and ONIT on the different occupations that we have in US. So 341 occupations. And then ONIT breaks it down into different tasks. So we have roughly around for all of those 341 jobs, we have roughly 12,000 jobs and some other important metrics that we are getting from ONIT, like important score and relevant score for each task. We have historic 12 cost curves and then we also have from the METI blog, the AI capability curve where capability is doubling every seven months. So all of this data we have gathered from these sources, the repeat sources. But to enable the modeling, what we actually also did was there was some data that was also LLM generated. So the 12,000 or the 30, roughly 13,000 tasks that we have, they were not granular enough for us to be able to actually properly map using the AE capability curve that we had. So we had to break all the 13,000 jobs into some smaller sub-tasks, which now comprises a library of 90,000 sub-tasks that we have. And for each sub-task, we also wanted to map how many tokens on an average each sub-task consumes for one successful iteration, which task is cognitive. So we generated all of these matrix using LA. Once we had all of this data, the first part was having for each of the sub-tasks, we calculated whether we have reached the parity point, whether we have reached the tipping point using the capability comparison and the cost comparison and cost comparison criteria we got from Tony that the AIE cost should be 50% cheaper than what is the average cost for that particular task. Once the let's say tipping point is reached, then we do the S-curve modeling. Currently, what we are doing is for each of the sub-tasks that we have, we apply a uniform S-curve, which is 10 to 80% adoption happening in four years. And once the S-curve is modeled on top of each task, we also apply a 50-50 split of replacement and productivity with an 80% ceiling that only 80% of that entire sub-task can be automated and 20% will still be done by humans. And then once we have all of these matrix for a sub-task, we then aggregate it at a task level, then aggregate tasks to a job level. Then we also got for each job, there were like 20 job groups or sectors. We do it aggregation at a group level and then we do aggregation at a country level. We have monthly level data. This is a sort of a worked example just to show how the model is working. So this is an example for a customer service representative where you can see this is the kind of task that we have checked to ensure that appropriate changes were made to the resolve customer problems. That particular task is then broken down into these series of sub-tasks, check ticket for log changes, open ticket review. So sub-tasks which we can basically quantify. And then the matrix that you see and the right time, tokens, type, all of this is then we use LMS to generate with historical data as guidance on some of the tasks that we got from other papers. And once we have this, then we do the tipping point check and then so on and so forth. And just to give you a broader picture here, this is how the aggregation happens. We have 89,000 sub-tasks. We aggregated to 12,000 tasks, then 341 jobs, then 24 BLS groups, and then at a country level. These are the overall groups that we were able to get from BLS. So this is how the aggregation is happening. And also the model is basically can act as a simulation. So you can actually tune all of these parameters. Like if you want to change the capability doubling, you want to reduce it from seven months to five months, you can do that. The threshold that we have kept for a tipping point where AA cost should replace, should go below 50% of the human cost, we can change that. The time to 10 to 80% adoption year, we can change it from four years to three years or five years or six years just to control that. And then cost decline rate, what we have currently is 70% per year, but we can actually change it to any value that we want. The adoption ceiling can change. And so these are the parameters that we have that we can tune. And these are currently some of the limitations that we have identified that we can quickly look to solve these issues. One of this was: I had already discussed it to Tony that currently we have uniform parameters for all of the subtasks for all of the jobs. We want to actually have different parameters for each subtask and across each category. So, what we are trying to do here is we are trying to cluster all of the subtasks into different categories and then for each cluster define a different set of parameters so that it represents a more accurate view of the unemployment model. And then, also, just to highlight one, two more major concerns: that there are some data that is still generated using LLMs, which is the time estimate for each task and the token estimate for each task, how many tokens will be consumed. So, these are things that we can work on more and refine the precision and accuracy on those particular metrics more by involving some more human involvement in these processes. And also, just last one, that currently the model is modeling the replacement of human labor from A, and then there might be other parameters that we might have to look at, like to do a full-blown unemployment modeling. So, yeah, these are the kind of limitations. And Robert highlighted why the, and I think Tony also, right? Why is it estimating unemployment rate like 18%, 20% of that? So, I think that's one area we would like to deep dive and fine-tune which we have identified on this topic on that. I mean, one of the things, so I spent how many hours did I spend on this thing yesterday? Three, three, I'm going with 10, but whatever. So, you know, a couple things was really, really important. The first is, so my realization that, you know, I went from, you know, super comfortable to not at all comfortable was when I said, okay, with these assumptions, go back six months and predict what the next five months of data would be, you know, and then compare it to the last five months of data. And there's no fit whatsoever. So that was an amazing wake-up moment that this market, this model is like confidently, yeah, 9%, 12%, whatever. There's no fit. And the question is why? And that's when I realized actually the data, the specificity of our data is really poor. Or at least that's what it appears to me to be, but I could be wrong. But it appears very poor. And then there's the issue that the model had not once bothered to go back and see if there was any explanatory in the past data. So maybe it was not trained to do that. But if there's a model where it can't explain the data even to March, then like that should be a red flag, I think. And we don't know why the model can't explain anything. One of it, it could be that the global economy is in an upswing and unemployment should be falling, but it's stable, right? The model doesn't have that capacity. Another is that actually the complete thesis is wrong, that unemployment's not working the way the CEBA disruption framework thinks it will. Another idea would be that, you know, at 26 minutes, it's a neat tool to have in your desk and an augmenter of productivity, but at four and a half hours, it's an entirely different animal. And so there would be a non-linear disruption as we go up the time. Another would be that the availability of GPUs or the lag time, you know, is just bigger than we thought because of legal barriers or what have you. But in that whole discussion, in that whole discussion, we end up with the realization that the data itself is crap. For example, the token pricing, right, which is really foundational. And that's when I realized, man, we I'm not sure where I am here. Does that make sense? You found token pricing really off because, Robert, when we did a quick check on that, it was quoting some of the right token prices for that region in your session. It was off on the unemployment rate for sure because of the limitations we just discussed. But on the data perspective, it's pretty much one and a half bucks per million. Now, before it was eight cents per thousand or something. Like, I don't know. I mean, it's been whipping around a bit. Okay. Did you not see that? We did. We did see that. Just check on. Earlier in the day, it was talking about 8.5 cents per thousand. Now we moved to, I think, a million and a half bucks per million. I think even Tony had asked this question. What is the lowest? But I might, do I care about the lowest or do I care about an accessible price? I care about an accessible price. I think, Vasu, for this, we need, you know, this has happened yesterday. So we need to have like a clinical session on what went wrong, where was the data fetched from, what were the sources, and be it the employment one or the cost of tokens. Because I don't think, Vasso, it is, I mean, the right time now to reproduce the session, the session and the output of yesterday. So let's have this offline to because we have the history now of the responses and of the queries themselves. Let's dig deeper into it and see what exactly went well and what exactly went wrong. And then we can get back to you, Robert. With okay, is this because of just a simple bug in the system or because the quality assurance layer was not activated? Or we will let you know. A couple of comments. One is, Vasu, can you send Robert and me this, you know, this presentation? This is, it gives us, you know, some basically what you're looking at and so that we can we can comment back, right? But let me I asked in one of the one of the comments that Robert just made is the supply of digital workers, right? We're assuming straight S curves without checking the potential supply of those tasks, right, from existing data centers. Does that make sense? So even if, so that's, you know, in the STDF, it's the what I call the market trauma when an existing product gets cheaper than the incumbent, but it's, you know, the supply is not there, right? So it is going to take a while for the supply to, and that's happening in solar and in batteries and whatever, right? So we need to figure out how many potential digital workers or tasks, whatever we're going to call it, is the existing infrastructure capable of, right? So that's one thing. The other is that we're assuming 10 to 80 percent S curve, but we don't know where we are, right? And for each task, are we at 5%? Or so are we assuming instead of 10 to 80, 0 to 80 in four years, right? Yes, we are. So we're assuming 0 to 80. It may take a little. So let's, you know, come back to this because, yes, go ahead. Jitian, did you say something? Just like currently we are taking 5%. We are assuming that there are 5% early adopters in jobs. Right, right, which is an assumption. And we need to validate, right? Because it could take a while for, and in fact, in many markets, it does to get to 10%, right? It could take decades for the market to get to 10%. I don't think it will. But that is a data, a piece of data that we need to validate somehow. Does that make sense? Yeah, actually, many of the parameters and the assumptions, as you correctly said, Tony, should be validated by you. And they should be, they are actually already configurable. Yeah. Correctly, we have configured it based on our discussions. And also, Tony and Robert can give scenarios by typing them thing. Yeah. We can eventually make it through the dashboard also that we just presented saying, hey, you know what? This is how it should happen. We can configure it at a market level or a country also eventually. Yeah. Yeah. As far as tokens, you know, if we're, you know, cost per token and so on, the cost curve would indicate that for each. So one thing is, are we using input or output, right? And but is the cost really different or is the price different, right? So that's one comment. The other one is, as in all the cost curves that we have, there may be regional differences. So for China, we use Chinese prices costs. For Europe, we use US prices, for instance. Right. There's the purchasing power parity also, because cost of power in US and China is completely different, which is a very medium. Yeah, let's not use purchasing power parity, right? Let's not get ahead of ourselves. Let's use cost, right? Cost is real, but it's different in every market. And, you know, we think we know that, you know, in China, it's maybe 10x cheaper, right? But whatever it is, for Chinese, let's use regional costs as we do for solar and batteries and so on. Does that make sense? And having said all that, you know, I think that we're still challenged by not using the things that you mentioned, feedback loops. You know, some markets will be created. You know, maybe we'll need more nurses over the next three or four years and electricians and plumbers. And that number is going to, you know, there's going to be more employment in those things. So that's why we want to do the open innovation challenge, right? To see what we're missing and so on. But for now, I think these are things that we can improve and validate to get slightly better numbers. Make sense? Yes. But it's still, having said all this, it's still a simplistic model, right? And I mean, because that's the way we defined it. So it's, you know, it's a self feedback, right? It's feedback on, you know, our own, my own, basically what I have said, right? So it's still, we don't have feedback looks, we don't have nuance, we don't have reaction functions and all that. So that we need to work on, and hopefully that open innovation challenge will help us. Just to share, I mean, guys, there's maybe I'm going to just say there's a harsher criticism here, which is that we should probably, as part of our process, ask whether the models explain, you know, relatively recent data. And if not, why not? That should just be a flag. So do we do back testing, right? And if so, what kind of back testing do we do? Well, I mean, the last six months, you know, we have some, you know, unless we're talking about some sort of straight, so very specific break. I mean, by the way, the back testing is the that's why I'm a bit surprised and we want to dig deeper into this offline. The back testing is like the ABC. This is this is like the very basic component in the in the quality assurance layer. Whenever there is a possibility to go back in data and do a hold out test and this because we have we know the fact you know if we go back in time we will have a fact and that is we we do it whenever this is this situation is applicable so um again we will need to to to to to dig deeper into this and see what happened yes and i i think there's a feature that is being uh also released uh we have tested it in dev side uh that is giving the right data references on the fly so we will try to push it immediately on priority basis so whenever you have any time you will right away get the reference link of the data the primary source as well as the data foundry source that you have uh so that you yourself can validate it with your own eyes okay okay um yeah um and the number of tokens per task right um how do we validate that absolutely because currently what we have is uh to be honest on the price side uh tony given we are kind of looking at different uh market algorithms like how is open ai claude gemini uh you know grok uh pricing it uh there are some papers where we have seen uh you know uh cost of the token have been uh you know explicitly discussed but those are very much like an ideal condition when it comes to commercial level uh you know people are randomly using it uh you know to automate that task in smaller pieces so i think the point that you made is uh 100 i think a line no question mark in that can we get the absolute cost of the region uh not the uh service providers uh because eventually this would be a very regional nuanced cost which will be impacting the displacement and you know unemployment rates yeah no no what i yes that that that too but the number of tokens used per task per thinking yes right so uh so dunni currently what we are using is like we found a couple of people and then those papers had those kind of mappings for that particular job. This is the subtask, and these are the average amount of tokens. What we can do is to improve on the accuracy, we go online and start finding more published research papers on this kind of like experiments that people have already done and gather more and more data to just create more validation. Because we cannot entirely like for 90,000 subtasks, we won't find any reliable source for that. So the only thing that we can do is find more validated and then validate and correct our own data accordingly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get that. I get that. I mean, we can't do it for all the tasks, but maybe we can cluster them, right? Yeah. Yeah, so we can do some check in terms of complexity of the task and like have some distribution of average number of tokens taken and then sample it out from there as well. Yes, yes. I mean, that would be, yeah. And just to highlight, like on the back testing part, Robert was highlighting was the another issue is like even if we want to apply a simpler simulation that we have currently, because we do not have these kind of parameter mappings for each subtask, because we don't have currently we have not done that kind of clustering of tasks. So that is also another reason that we might not be able to back test in the current state. Once we have done this kind of clustering for subtasks and then using the past six months data, we can also validate the parameters that we have for each of the subtasks that we are using for the model. What we can do is take the last six month data for first three months, we use that to identify what are the ideal values of these parameters. And then for the next three months, we test out like are these parameters giving us the values according to like the next three months that we are seeing so that we can validate these parameter values are good or not. But there might be still a challenge because there might be some jobs for which the placement might have happened and the model might be representative. For example, customer service job, it might be representative, but it might not be representative of other jobs for which displacement might not properly start it. So we can start with customer service software engineering jobs. We can start backtesting on that. That's why I was saying if it is applicable, because in some situations, even if you go back like six months or five months or four months, if you go back, then you will not have enough data to find the pest parameters. And we don't want to use the same data for both. But the back testing of the parameter of optimization. Yeah. But we will look at that as well. Yeah. Okay. Just one more last update that I want to give is. So one more criticism was on the web search agent. So currently we do have, we have created a quality assurance layer on the data that we have collected. But we are still working on improving the quality of real-time web search that we are using. So that will so we are currently working on that as well. So we'll be adding more instructions, more guidelines, more checklists to improve the quality of overall web search going forward as well. We would like to have one session on the specific token aspects and this post RC on Tuesday. Robert, specifically, we'll have a different one with you and come up with some of the more updates on this one. Antonio send across these slides on AL along with the competition piece again over an email out there. Yes. Okay. Okay, perfect. Tony, Robert, any other points, feedback you want to share? Yeah, I think I just emphasize that there's no point having a model that doesn't have any sort of bearing with recent data and then spending days and days on it without realizing that actually it's fucking irrelevant. That's a huge thing for me. And I mean, I made very big mistakes based on that. So that was a big mistake for me not understanding. There's really not a lot here, right, to this model. And the model itself should be refining its assessments and assumptions according as the data comes in, if the data is judged to be relatively reliable. And that should be a learning process. So we shouldn't even have to put in the adjustments or stuff. The model should say this theory is not relevant to the UK today. And that's, you know, that's like a big statement that the model could use, could say. Think how powerful that would be versus how many days did I spend on this thing? And unfortunately, how much risk did I take on the back of it? So, no, that's my mistake. But this model is not relevant to the UK today. Or if it's relevant, show me the data that says that it is. No, Robert, I don't think it is as simply as saying the model is not relevant to the UK today. It is what is behind it. It's much more than that. It is, again, it is driven by the data applicability. Is the data applicable to that region? Do we have access to that data at all? But again, as I said, I cannot say much to be honest on this, given this happened yesterday, so we need to see what exactly went wrong. And I know that the quality assurance layer is something in progress, and the ABCs of it is there. That is for sure. I think that I can be very excited about the technology, right? That's a separate statement to given the last six months of official data, there is no applicability of this model. In other words, in the model language, this is pre-tipping point. So I have a question for our team. Do you guys have a heat map where we know where the model is we have, which are the white spaces? We don't have a model or data, sorry, in terms of where the data has mature, where data has not matured, that data is maturing right now. Is there a way when possible at the back? Question to Valida Vasil. Yes, Sergeant. We do have it. And we would be sharing the references right out there. Even for the UK, the data is there. We just want to analyze this specific instance that Robert experienced. No, no, I'm saying something different. I'm saying something general. Will this model be applicable to the UK? Yes. A hundred percent. It fucking will be. Okay? Now, maybe not with the weightings or what have you, and the model should learn from the data that's coming in. But should the model say, hey, just so you know, looking at the last recent data, this model does not appear to have applicability that I can understand as a wealth warning? Amazing. So you know what? Put it aside and come back and look at it in three months. Now, the risk to that is that the data comes out, there's a huge supply, surprise, rates rally 70 basis points. And I'm like, fuck, right? We should have forecasted this. And so you can't win. But I think that, you know, just understanding that at some point this will start to show up. You know, is it showing up already? Maybe. If we had really good and precise data, I'll bet we could show that it is in some ways. But if we had really good and precise data, maybe we'd find other things that would say that the model is not applicable in important aspects. Let me ask you guys this. You guys are all in the software business. Do you agree that you're all going out of business inside of you know four years? No, no, of course not. Fuck no. So, do we have some flaws in the thinking of this thing? Yeah. Now, it could be that, you know, Anderson Consulting Software Department's going out of business or whatever is, if Anderson still exists, or whoever it is, Accenture. KPMT, Accenture. Yeah, whatever. That's fair, right? But I don't see that for you guys. So we have a lot of nuance here that this thing isn't going to capture, but should capture. And that's an issue of data specificity and also marking to reality. Right, absolutely. Yep. All right, guys, you guys are going to go back and look at this, why this thing happened, right? Yes, Sirfa. And you said that. It's not why. It's not why. Okay, there's crap data in there. Yeah, look at why there's crap data. You have to look at why, then you fix it, right? Okay, that's simple. But what I'm saying is not got you moment. It's about the design of the thing. It's about saying, why are we pretending? I'm super pissed at myself. And like, why am I pretending that this is insightful and predictive when it actually today has no predictive power? And if it's got low predictive power, then what I know is that I need to focus on other things in the market much more. And I shouldn't be dogmatic. Yeah, I mean, you got a point, but this is exactly how you need to think, Robert. Be very dogmatic about certain things because I just see that by the time we get to DEC 26, Iran war, yes or no, certain shit's going to happen, right? So it's just going to overwhelm. That may be true. It may not be true, but there's no evidence of it being true today. And that was the thing that really flew me for a loop. And so I think, right, part of the design of this would be to say, hey, just to be aware, according to the best data that we have in the foundry or we can access on the web, trip check six times the data stamp isn't garbage and everything else that we ran into trouble with, right? We don't see it in them, we don't see it showing up in the data yet. And then I say, well, you know, I'm going to look through it because I'm so certain. Or wait a second. Okay, this is a relatively rudimentary model with no current predictive power. My answer to that, Robert, is that your expectation from the model is right, and that's how it should be the expectation right now. Is the gap between the expectation of what you're seeing will slowly get reduced? I don't think you should think about it. I think it might be a very extreme statement saying this is a complete. I'm not saying that. I'm saying that if you go back in time six months, if you tell the model to go back in time six months and predict the following six months data or five months data, right? Knowing everything it has can about this model and the way the cost curves work and everything else, it doesn't predict the data in the least. And so what that's telling me is that had I done this six months ago, I would have lost money. There would have been no predictive capacity whatsoever. And so I should be aware of that. That there has been no predictive power on this if I'm thinking that somehow there's about to be. Yes, but Robert, this is only applicable in a very specific scenario. I don't know exactly which one are you talking about, but in general, in some situations, when you go back even three months back, you will run out of credible data that will enable the predictability of the model. No way. No. What do I need as data? I need actually the unemployment rate, right? That's what I need. And because I'm using this to predict the unemployment rate. So I need the unemployment rate, and it's there. So all the data that I need is there: the cost curves, the capacity curve, all that stuff. And so, according to this data. Yes, yes, yes. No, for this specific task, 100%. The data exists, of course. Even if you go six years ago, you will find data. Yeah. But six years ago, it wouldn't be applicable because AI capacity would be de minimis. And so there is going to be a point. My guess would be that all our weightings are wrong. Okay. And I think we would all agree on that. And at some point in time, there's going to be a moment where, you know, at 10 cents between hallucinations, it's something to do, you know, eating popcorn on a date while waiting for the movie theater to, you know, movie to start, right? Call it like, you know, it's a toy. You know, at 20 minutes, maybe it's an augmenter of my productivity in that it's easier to search for basic information, although, you know, that information has to be correct. At four hours, it's a fucking beast. And at 64 hours, I'm gone. So it's like at some point, this is going to really change. But I think I have not done myself any services by thinking that actually this would be predictive. It's not. There's no reason to believe that anything we predict for DEC 26 will take place. Nothing. Zip. Because the last three months and last six months, zip of what we predicted came true. That's annoying. You guys feel it? Like, you guys get what I'm saying? Yes, yes, yes. And so there should be a trigger in this system that's looking to say, hey, is this corresponding to any reality? And the only way it can do that is with a really good data foundry and asking that question repeatedly and on its own. Make sense? And it should also be able to flag stuff when stuff is actually starting to be relevant. So team, what's that answer from our side? The truth is this. In this case, I've had a position that no way from a macro perspective I would have. No way on the basis that the exponential change in unemployment between now and DEC 26 would just be overwhelming. And it might be. It might not be. But just to be aware that there's no evidence that it has any relevance to what's happened in the last three or four or five months. Does that make sense? Will it? Eventually it will, yeah. And that's when this trade will really work. But by the way, Tony, Robert, the predictive power, you mentioned it now two or three times the predictive power of the model. Now again, I'm talking in general as a capability of the product. The predictive power of the different models we have are also varying depending on the query, depending on the data source, depending on the situation. So, having a statement saying the model is not predictive or has zero productive power, I can only say yes in the situation you encountered, which we will need to dig deeper into why this happened. But it is not a general statement because I don't think it's even necessarily it's not a data, it's not a software problem, it's a model problem, right? I'm not saying wow, this isn't predictive because somehow like the software programming is bad. I'm saying this isn't predictive because the model shit for now, right? Now, how can we improve it? Right? And that's a discussion. As you guys know, I spent five hours last night or four hours just talking about what it could be. Right? It could be that the install time for companies is just longer than we think. It could be that, you know, it's the startups that are going to disrupt the major players and it takes time for them to grow to a certain size to be relevant. So the lag is longer. It could be that labor regulations are bigger than we thought. It could be that at the moment, the capacity is not sufficient to do anything other than kind of a productivity augmenter. But at some point, that will change. It could be any one of 10 things we can come up with. That's not a software issue. It's a model issue. But the question is: can the model learn? Or is the model going to insist that it's going to be 12 or it's going to be 7 or it's going to be without warning us that actually it has fuck all predictive power? Excuse my language. And so that would be helpful for me because I tend to get easily excited. That's fair. Yeah. Clear, clear, Robert. Clear. Yeah. Okay, so what would be Vasu from our side, what would be the next step to rectify this piece? As we said, we'll be starting. First, we'll do a quick deep dive on that particular session and that data point. There'll be data references immediately shared on every chat sessions whenever demanded. And Tuesday, we'll try to block some time with Robert and go through the citration again. And we'll be working with Tony Paralleli, which we anyways discussed on fine-tuning this model to ensure that the model is pretty much robust. And there are some points that we just discussed on the cost side, on the token assumption side, some of the limitations. We'll try to ensure that the model is able to build stat and also evolve based on the current trends happening in the AL-specific. I mean, we can all agree that as rough as this model may be today, actually, maybe we can't all agree. Actually, one question would be: as rough as this model is today, if the current capacity were 64 hours between hallucinations, would this have shown up in the labor market in some way, shape, or form? Not at this moment. There is because this is one assumption. But when you do it on a scenario basis, Robert, yes, if you give this scenario that exactly you mentioned to the model, it will model you for that given instance out there. Yeah. But not by default, it will not come with what you just stated. So my point is that if we had 64 hours between hallucinations, that would be such a foundational shock to the way in which we work and think as humanity. I can't even think about thinking about it. So, yeah, it would show up in some data somewhere, like, and it would be pretty large. Now, I don't know exactly how it would manifest itself, you know, and that would be that we would have to tweak the model depending on what we see. But my god, is that going to show up somehow? Like, I can't think in my life of anything ever bigger than that. So, yeah, it will show up in the data. I hope we can get a hundred percent unanimity on that idea because if not, what are we doing here? Right? So, um, like that's the specific nature of this entire task that we're doing, this project together. So, yeah, I think it'll show up. Um, but at 16 minutes, maybe it doesn't show up, and that's the journey that, yes, we can continuously recalibrate it ourselves manually or whatever, but the model should be able to learn from the data and it should be able to flag when things are really accelerating. Make sense? Yeah, yes, okay, that's it. That's that's my point. Okay, two uh, two hygiene points, uh, Robin told. One is that is there a way we can shift this meeting by maybe an hour or two so that way I want Richard to be on this call, and for Bali, then Richard becomes a better timing. If you can push it by two hours, that'd be great, otherwise, say four o'clock for him. Thank you. Second is uh, for the QPR, did you guys decide at a place at a time? Uh, what date is it? Uh, we could do first week of April. Well, if we were doing better, man, I'd say New York, but we're we're not doing better, so um uh you're not doing better as a company or you're not doing better as a team. We've had some, I have had some significant issues trading this labor disruption into this Iraq war. Um, I can tell you. Um, yeah, so like super, super this Iran war. I'm super dogmatic about you know there are times when I'm going to say Iran war, yeah, super interesting. It's not bringing ICE vehicles back, right? It's just it's over, right? And there's other times when I'm going to say, hmm, nice to know, but what's relevant today is the Iran war. That's this labor disruption today. The fact that it's huge is a shiny bauble, you know, in front of me, but it's not relevant because the data is telling me it's not relevant. Just fact. Got it. So, no, I got that, Robert. So, I think our decision of our decision of place if it changes by the day because of how the software behaves, that's a different you guys pick up a date, a place will turn up. Even if it's on the second week, I can join till 14. But before that, after that, my daughter comes back. So, but I can do remotely the way I did last time. So, Tony, today we'll try to figure out what we want to do here. We can do London if you want. I mean, that should be. Last time was really tough. It was really not a fun one. So, I don't think that's a locational region. It was probably the other reasons too. So, if that's convenient to both of you, we do that. Or because what's happening is the tickets are becoming, because of this travel, they're tripling and doubling in size in price right now. It's crazy. Going to Dubai or going to something like that is like $8,200,000 if somebody wants to buy today. Go to Dubai? Yeah. You want to go to Dubai? No, I'm just saying the tickets now. People who are coming in, they've jacked up the whole route that site right now. Turkey, which used to be cheapest now, it tripled the price. Right. So, because now, of course, everybody's going nuts right now. So, we want to make sure whatever is convenient. I mean, I think Maorca is good. Or what Tony had mentioned before, that's also good. These bumps are going to happen up and down on this right now. You can't lose the sight of the end goal. So, I think there'll be days where we'll feel like this that they'll feel good. As long as we're bridging the gap, it'll become less and less right now. So, so that's how I see it. So, if you just pin down a place, that's okay. It could be anything. Uh, okay, we'll come back today. Okay, thank you. Uh, uh, Vasuk, can we move this out by maybe two hours this meeting? Yeah, fine, it changes pretty much on the schedule, uh, and you know, we would be making it later in the which is the problem is the two main guys are not joining the meeting, the product manager is not joining the meeting. I see it. Bye. Yeah, bye. Thank you. Thank you.
