Update uh Tony. There were uh a few things we wanted to highlight first, uh, and I'll pass it off to Jitin in a second. But first is the AL youth employment edition, and then around the clustering of tasks. So I wanted Jitin to share with you the process that he's going through right now. It's still a work in progress, but I think it's uh important to just share with you how he's thinking about things that way you're aligned, and um you'll see the improvement that's coming into place. And then Jitin, just uh uh just to tee it up, uh, after that, let's go through the lead recycling, uh the improvements that we were speaking with Tony about, um, what he found in Solar Edge, and then we can talk about the sources, uh, internal, external, some of the notations that we'll have in place so that Tony, once you actually start prompting, you'll see where these sources are coming from. If you know, um, and it'll it'll be clear for you. So Jitin, you want to kick it off? Sure, yeah. Just a second, I'll just share my screen. Thank you. Morning our friends, morning, Tony. How are you? Good, you good, good. Are you heading back this week? Tuesday. Okay, got uh okay. Uh so I'll just uh start with the lead model updates first. So uh Tony, in terms of the feedback that we got and the changes that we made were uh first of all, we got some improved data on the 12 volt battery costs, uh both on the SLA batteries and on the uh auxiliary batteries for EVs. We split them into two segments and then got the uh appropriate cost curves uh accordingly, and that uh actually changed the tipping points uh significantly. So earlier we were getting some significant uh tipping points in the for years 2030, 2032, and now we are getting tipping points more uh aligned with uh what we are seeing. So at least for China, we are seeing tipping point happening in 2026, and maybe for other countries like 2029. So, yeah, these are I think what we feel is many uh much more improved uh uh battery cost that we have obtained, and also uh in just in terms of like the question that we were asking, like when is going to uh when 10% oversupply is going to happen. So, one of the issues with the model was it was not covering the entire demand. So we were able to capture new data related to some more stationary and motive industrial batteries and add that uh lead demand to the model. Also, uh earlier the module that we have built like did not have a supply side modeling on supply side data properly. So we gathered the supply data, the primary uh supply data. We also calculated the secondary supply using our own model from uh the vehicle retirements and the battery retirements, and also just uh even after doing uh all of the modeling and all of the improvements, there was uh there were still some missing uh roughly uh six sixty kilotons of uh data. So we added that as a residual with a caveat in the model, so that uh that does not impact the answer that we uh give for the 10% oversupply. Uh so after uh and also just added some cost flows for all of the batteries because we have modeled exponential decline and they were going to zero pretty fast. So we actually calculated the cost flows for battery costs using the raw material cost for now, which is uh significant in terms of wrong wrong. Do not do that, please. Do not do that, right? The fact that you think it's too cheap doesn't mean that it's not gonna happen. Right? Yeah, so no cost floors. Um cost curves go on for decades, right? Until they stop. Um yeah, I mean they're not gonna be zero, really, but could they be 10 10 bucks? Yeah, could they be $1? Yeah, could they be 10 cents? Yeah, right. So they're not gonna be zero. Does that make sense? Um so when you look at it on a log scale, um, it's it's not gonna be zero. Make sense. Yes, but like we were getting like uh very soon, we were getting very uh significantly low cost for battery, for example, as you mentioned, like 10 cents for a battery we were reaching very soon using the current regime. So either either we have the wrong cost curves or we are gonna get 10 cents batteries, make sense. Yeah, so we can look intuition based on the old system is old system thinking. Um you know, cost curves are like gravity, and they will continue until of course they they don't, right? But it's not up to you or me to determine when that is the case, right? We will hit limits of um physics or biology, but we don't really know when that's gonna be the case. Um I'll give you I'll give you uh I'll tell you a story. I moved to Silicon Valley in in the mid 1990s and actually early 1992. And at the time, um I lived in mountain View back then. Um the there was a crisis and belief that Morse law could not possibly continue. Could not possibly continue. This is nineteen ninety-two, right? Things could not possibly get cheaper, right? Chips could not possibly and you talk with people at Intel and they're like, we don't know how to continue this cost curve. Make sense. Um it's still going. I mean, Morse law is dead, but um, you know, the cost curve of information processing is still going, and in fact, it's accelerating. So um, I mean, again, the fact that we don't know how it could possibly happen doesn't mean that it won't. Make sense. Yep. Uh point taken to me. I think uh this is this was an additional step uh we were uh we added because we were seeing cost to be going to zero, but we can easily remove that and that uh yeah. Again, Jitin, I'm I'm I'm sorry to to interrupt. Please, and this is for the whole team, don't introduce ideas that are not intrinsic in the SIBA framework, right? Total cost of ownership is not a thing either, right? Just because they taught you in business school does not mean that I use it. Make sense. Yep. Okay, thank you. Uh so uh Tony, you can now, I think uh the reports are live in the system, so you can actually uh uh file the queries related to lead and see the updated forecast uh which will have all these incorporated. Great. And uh if you have any feedback, you can just pass it on and then like any other changes that we need to make, we can make them promptly as well. Yeah, and you know, just you know, just to repeat what what I've been saying. If we can get the lead disruption right, you know, it's a good template to get other disruptions right. And that's why I'm emphasizing lead just because of the recursive nature of that disruption. Makes sense. So uh it's not that lead is that important, even though yes, we have a position in lead, but because of the recursive, if we can get the recursive nature of lead in um right, and then we can get a lot of other disruptions, right? Makes sense, makes sense, and it has actually inform us in other like design of other features and other components across the product, yeah. Definitely, yeah. Oh amazing. Then one quick question to you, uh sorry your interruption is like current uh report which we have in the system is based on these, right? The fifth is already still there, like so. I'll make those changes so we have a uh pretty fast mechanism of like now uh once we have incorporated the report, I'll update the report and then it will start reflecting the new uh basically then. Will Tony be able to you know uh fire a query based on the updated report? Yeah, let me know when it's ready, and you know I'll I'll fire a query, right? Uh hopefully, I think I'll after the call, I think just I'll promptly make those changes and share it with the team. In a couple of hours, Tony, it should be available. Okay, just let me know. Can we move on to the the learn? I'm sorry, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure. So uh Tony on the AL side. Uh uh, we have done a couple of uh things here. So, first of all, was gathering all of the new data from Enthropic and other research papers that uh the Enthropic Research had uh referenced. So it gave us a lot of new features, and our goal was to use these new features to actually cluster different tasks and uh basically introduce various clusters for roughly uh 12,000 to 13,000 tasks that the current AL model was based on so that for each cluster we can have different adoption parameters and different S curves uh for uh each cluster. Uh so we actually used uh a lot of AI exposure scores and uh the relevance and the important scores from ONET and we created uh fully uh uh machine learning based uh clustering mechanism, and it actually gave us four distinct clusters. Uh we did some statistical testing on that to see that if different features have uh different uh significant uh differences among the clusters uh in terms of values, and it gave us four uh clusters. I can just after the slide. I can just show you the glimpse of the new four clusters that we have built. And now uh what we have done is we have associated different parameters for each cluster. We plan to test on different uh different different adoption parameters and see which set of parameters aligns with the historical unemployment rates that we have seen, uh, the overall unemployment as well as the youth unemployment, also just looking at unemployment at uh different education levels as well, uh, unemployment level at bachelor level. So we want to do that. Currently, we are in process, uh, we are seeing some good uh results there as well. So uh this is the key update on the AL side, clustering and then different uh adoption parameters for each cluster. Just to give you uh just a rough glimpse into like these are the kind of four clusters that we have got uh currently uh based upon the clustering exercise that we have done. The labeling has been like uh the labeling is a bit loose, maybe we can tighten that up. But the idea overall is uh there is a category which is a cluster which is purely mainly consisting of manual tasks, then we have uh tasks which are mostly related to admin and tech, and then there are cognitive high exposure tasks, and then there are uh cognitive tasks which have already been penet uh penetrated by AI, and these uh uh evidences we have gathered from the entropic paper that we got, and we have seen that the features, the 12 features which we use to actually generate these clusters, they have uh statistically significant ranges different uh for each cluster. So the idea is now to just experiment with different adoption parameters and then model the adoption rate uh the unemployment accordingly. Uh just to give you. So this will be the process going forward. Uh just one more update on the AL site. Currently, what we were doing was we had divided the 13,000 tasks into roughly 90,000 subtasks. Now we want to actually, because we are getting a lot more data on the task level itself. So what we want to do is want to aggregate the matrix at a task level and do the uh modeling at a task level as well. So just to give you an example, earlier uh for us task, we had broken it into let's say eight to nine subtasks, and each subtask was a very smaller task, which was now getting disrupted by AA pretty soon. So once we do the aggregation at a task level, then we are seeing that the results are getting aligned with the real-time unemployment data much better. So the the back testing for the last 36 months. Is that what you're talking about? Yes, so back testing starting from uh 2024 data, then 2025 data and so on. Amazing. Yeah. So uh I think by next week, Wednesday, we will have a full new report by uh with the new unemployment numbers with all these changes incorporated. Uh yeah. Looks great. Any comments, any questions? No, no, no, it's good. Thanks. Uh Richard. All right. Thank you, and uh so there's some action items there, Tony. Uh we'll work on the LED, not only just the lead model, but take the takeaway from that is we will just want to make sure that we're not putting floors and cost squares, just let it run, don't let our intuition override us, right? So uh we'll work on that uh you know across the board. Um and then with um the next update, I just want to show you that. Uh TK, if you don't mind showing your screen. So there's uh been instances where Robert or you maybe just go into Stellar Edge and start querying, but it's not really quite clear whether the source of the data is coming from internal or external. If it's not internal, ideally go to the web, but you we also want to make sure that it's accurate, right? And um the best way to do that is to show where the source is coming from. So that's one of the updates that we wanted to show you that's coming up, uh, just so that you're familiar with how to navigate. Okay. So let me show you that. Do you mind showing your screen? Thank you. Uh I I can show it. Oh, thanks, John. Go ahead. Like I you have already have queries, I guess. All right, so you'll notice there's references. So look at let's say number five or number four, rather. There's uh C5. So if you go to C5, you should be able to uh scroll down just a little bit more, Javan. Oh no, on the right side, please. Uh I guess that's not gonna scroll back up to focus on C3. Yeah. So here not only will it show you the output, the logic around it, but if you look at the provenance, and we're gonna update this a little bit because it's kind of uh uncertain with W, that means we're searching for the web. Um if it's internal, we'll have another notation for that. And if it's part of our data source, we'll let you know. Uh, but also importantly, we'll have a link. So if you you sense that the data is not coming from a good source, this is a good way to verify it. And of course, you could always talk to the tool and say, hey, this is not a good source, or please add another source, which is another topic that I want to get to. But hopefully, this is something that'll be more helpful for the team just to help validate if this the data that's you know being presented is accurate. Do you have any feedback there? That uh do you think that would be helpful? Uh or is there anything else as part of that source that may help you get confidence uh in the answers? Well, um if so, for you know, if we if if we go, you know, um if we think about it, if it's a source that we have you know, um curated before, um then you know, even if it's for other beta, then it it would probably um by extension mean that it's a good source for a new data. Makes sense. Um if it's not um then the reader is going to have to make um, I mean the user is gonna have to make um a decision as to whether they believe that that's a good source or not um we should probably give them the opportunity to to give that kind of feedback makes sense um you know i don't think this is a good source i think this is or or whatever right so it it we're we're gonna have to trust the the um the you know the the user to to give input into whether something is a good source or not makes sense absolutely so and that would actually help us too we're talking about that because uh the most valuable thing for us is getting user input so we'll talk with as a team just to see how we can have that human in the loop uh process I think it'll definitely be helpful for you guys and us as well yeah I would I want to quickly validate one idea Tony like we already have enabled the feedback like uh Mike and you know on at the end of the chat also so do you think adding the feedback uh Mike here in the um uh sources also that will be helpful um you know where we say C3 C2 whatever maybe we should have a um you know um thumbs up or down as to whether you know it's it's uh uh we trust that source of of data you know what I mean yeah thanks and on a similar note, Tony, I know that there's also times when you're looking at uh uh the stellar slow and it's giving you data, but it's not 2026, March or February if you're running it then. It's yeah 2025. And uh just wanted to highlight uh some of it is mainly because this is just a function of we actually have outdated data from the the act the verified source. So that's something we're trying to continuously improve on. And I think uh you know, when we get to the the next QBR and we'll talk about it later, is just yeah, how do we get to become more real time for you guys? Uh you know, there are other uh areas where we're trying to improve. We've already requested Bloomberg data from the team. So thank you for that option. Uh we've taken uh that opportunity. But just something that I just want to highlight, you know, uh there are in still where instances where absolutely it's just not knowing what today is, and that's not that's a bug, yeah, it shouldn't happen. Uh but there are instances where it's uh it's acting as it should because it's just updated data, which is the most recent. Not a not a great answer, but something that we want to improve on. Yeah, so you know, in in the case, for instance, we're we're doing a lot of both Robert and I of AL, you know, uh disruption and whatever. And the METR data is out there, but it hasn't been updated, right? Um so to my knowledge, there isn't um the you know, it's not behind the wall, it's out there. Um so was it yesterday or the day before um you know the software started the uh analysis feb of 2025, even though we have data until Feb 2026 makes sense? Um so so it you know it it it um I think that I hear you, but a lot of this data hasn't just hasn't been updated. Makes sense. Yes. And that's the suit that we're we're doing, and we'll continue to improve for sure. And I think at some point we'll be able to give you full visibility. Here's the most up-to-date data. That way we can all take a look and say, okay, well, we need another alternative source, uh like China unemployment, for example, or something that we need to work on, right? So you know, we make it interactive, right? Like um, you know, before we do, you know, the whole AL process. Let's go fetch the latest data. Does that make sense? So, you know, let's do it real time. Um rather than start the processing with whatever data we have. Make sense. Okay. Yeah. Makes sense. Like, you know, oh, okay, we're gonna do AL. Let's see. I have data up until Feb of 25. Let's see if there's anything new. Let me go fetch it, update it, you know, download it. Uh I do have until you know, up until Feb 26. Makes sense. Yeah, I'm just trying to think of from a your user experience perspective. Like let's say there are competing sources, right? Sorry, Robert is gone. Yeah. Justin, uh, I was just gonna mention when we do discuss uh what the possible user experience will be, if new data sources can be suggested. Do you think it's gonna be a scenario of sources because we're not sure what the confidence level because Tony looks like he's up for uh and he's not on right now, but he it looks like he's up for training the model or helping to train the model. So if unemployment data somewhere is um you know outdated, how do we get to a place where the user can help evaluate new sources? So that's what I was gonna ask. I don't know what your thoughts on that. One uh I think uh one way is like just the model being able to identify if the already existing data is outdated. If let's say for example, we are in March 2026 and the data is still February 2026 model is automatically able to identify that this is some data that we don't have, and like it again suggest to the user like should I go and get the March 2026 unemployment data and build the model on top of that. That is one thing, like just to uh suggest on uh outdated data, and then there is there is the other side, like if any new data can help in the modeling side, that will be a more tricky part. We'll have to uh figure out how to uh uh implement that part. Jitin, I feel the first part is already should be taken kind of with a data auto-refresh agent, right? Uh so if the data auto refresher is not found, it it might not be able to bring it in out of the fly. Yes, yeah. So uh basically ideally that should be continuously happening in the background uh using auto reflex. But the right conditions and caveat can help the analysis saying this is based on sys. These many attempts were made in the past and we did not find it anywhere else, hence this baseline with the caveat and just to highlight uh Richard on the second part as well, like when we I actually if some data is not there for uh proper processing. So for that, we have the sessions inside where offline we process all of the queries, we identify what's missing. If there is a data uh data gap there, we identify that, and then we basically go and hunt for that data, and maybe uh once that ticket is resolved after one week, the same query can be filed with the updated data. So, again, the idea will be to uh as Vasu highlighted, just increase the velocity of that process. But um enabling that in real time will require more thought. Yeah, thank you. One thing is also Jitin, by the end of the month, uh we will have 90% of the data. Actually, 91% of the data once we get the Bloomberg stuff all refreshed. So which 9% is causing grief so that you know we know you know again which one that we need to focus on, correct? Uh or it's causing grief for you. Uh I I just like I I know right now we're at uh 60%, but again, once we have the Bloomberg, etc. By the end of the month, we should be at 91% of the data factory data up to 2025. Uh we can yeah, I get like if you can share with, I mean, anyways, we'll the team is here, but we'll take it offline. See which one specifically card triggering some grief for you uh so that we're aware of them. Okay, sure, sure. Thank you. Just looking at some of the headlines. Uh, I'm not sure if Tony and Robert are gonna join. Uh looks like Pentagon is sending thousands of additional troops in the middle east, the market's selling off right now. So I imagine they're looking at the portfolio. Uh who's selling the troops right now? Pentagon. Pentagon or uh live uh got it. So we have details of the logistics. So it's not only look. Uh I have bring Tony again this week and uh uh Robert to kind of lock the dates also. I think Robert is having a challenge in the first week of April. Uh I I thought Robert's already locked the date. Not the date, only the location. Okay. I thought uh in my text, I thought he did. Uh let's we can ask Tony. Tony emailed it. So in he in that he has only locked the location. Let's do it in London. So I spoke to Tony after that. I think we that's why I sent a text that the date was locked. But we can ask him right now. We should be able to ask him here. You have it on your WhatsApp? Okay. Yeah, I have it on the WhatsApp. Uh I think let's when uh when I give options. Tony's back. Yeah. Okay, I'm back. Sorry. Hey, hey. Tony, quick question. Uh we are still on for uh third and fourth in London, right? I mean, if uh if Hannah has not responded with an actual time, then you know I can't commit us to I mean we decided London, but I uh I don't know when Robert can make it actually actual dates. Okay, okay. Okay, we'll follow with Robert Tony. Yeah, so Hannah, Hannah is the one to um she's she's been in touch with you, right? No, she's not actually. Uh I got a text from Robert. Uh yeah, where it seems that he was okay third or fourth, but it was I still wanted to clarify because the message was not very clear. So I said reach out to him. Uh yeah. So yeah, so reach out to him. I'll I'll I'll talk to Hannah. Yeah. Okay. Um yeah. Okay, go ahead, uh Richard. Uh Licher, you had you had a point you were making. Okay. Yeah, and we'll get to the QBR discussion in in a few minutes. But just wanted to uh close out that last conversation. So new sources, if we can identify it, uh we'll work through that as a team. I just want to make sure that the your experience is is gonna be good and also uh be able to help with you know that human in the loop process and just this ongoing model updates and if we can get uh user feedback, that would be the most helpful. So we'll take that as a uh action item on the team and we'll come back to you with some proposals. Uh the last topic, Tony, is saw you going through the tool and you're trying to and we're thankful for this is train the tool. So one of the equations that you presented was a capability factor, and then you presented two different versions of it. So I just wanted to highlight that we did see that and we're also taking that internally as a team. Those kind of feedback uh uh you know bullet points are extremely helpful for us. So uh we're starting a process just you know for transparency, not that we didn't have it before, but just more formalized. We're constantly looking at the chats and whatever we can fit in, if it's if it's a bug, it's not acting as expected, we're immediately fixing it. If it's something new, a capability like you've mentioned around the capability factor equation, uh, we're taking that as a team and internally trying to uh want to understand it, get your clarification uh or the person who's inputting their clarification, and then we'll work on it right away, try to put it in, you know, within reason. Ideally, it's like a one week turnaround if it's something that's easily understandable, but very well defined. If not, something like the lead, we'll work with you, you know, go back and forth. Uh, you know, our bad on just making some assumptions like there should be a floor, but learning lessons from us and we'll continue to uh you know work on that as we get your feedback. But that's that's this the process that we want to have so that you have eyes on you know your uh feedback pretty much 247 and uh pretty quick turnaround yeah yeah i mean that that that occurred to me and um you know feel free to push back right because you're looking at at the data um to me the most important thing is that when we do the back test it it kind of fits right um and and and you know the these are new ideas right that that we should consider don't see it as in AL um you know we're all learning you know what I'm saying um and and so consider it an idea that we should um you know talk about and see if if we can bake it in makes sense absolutely right uh unless there's anything else guys on uh the topics that we discuss uh I'd like to move to QBR and then if Robert joins and we have some extra time we can go through the the data factory. So let me I mean I actually run some um I mean I've been as you know I've been working on AL and and whatever and just this morning um I ran a query um let's see what was exactly um when will UK unemployment make a material difference driving this and disinflation in the economy um and it went off and did you know the Phillips curve and this and that and the other, but it didn't do the AL disruption. Right. So I don't really care about Philips curve and Laffer curve and all that. I mean, that's mainstream economics. To me, it it really adds no value. And and so I I think the main point is that we should always do the SIBA framework, right? Um and then it's interesting for the software to come back and do you know, laugher curve and Phillips curves and whatever, which is what policymakers are gonna use for the reaction function. Does that make sense? Um but to go off and do that kind of you know mainstream thinking makes makes no sense. Does that only just to highlight on that? Like currently uh we do have the UK data. We are just finalizing the model and putting it to the system. So currently the UK model it's doing on ad hoc and the USA model is the model that it is doing performing in detail according to the disruption framework. So I think again, uh as we update the AL model, maybe by next Wednesday, you'll have the full UK uh disruption framework model in place as well. Right. No, but my my thank you. Um when I did the L and G I asked an L and G question a couple of weeks ago. Uh, and it did the same thing. It went off and did all kinds of things without doing any cost curves or or whatever. Does that make sense? Um, so you know, my point is that, you know, I mean, that is our edge. And if we don't do it, then we're not doing anything. You know what I'm saying? Um, that is our edge. And to go off and do you know an analysis of LNG without doing cost curves of solar wind and battery and so on, um, is doesn't add anything. So you know what I'm saying? Um, so it it's not just an AL. Um, it it happened with LNG also. Yeah, point. Makes sense. Uh on that note, uh, just to highlight, like uh, we are improving on the STDF agent that we have built. So for uh, so for some of the commodities and products, we do have pre-computed reports, and for any other uh commodity, any other product for a generalized framework, we have created this STDF agent, and I think going forward, like as it uh improves, it will be so the model will be able to catch that this agent. Uh sorry, this query needs to be actually forwarded to the STDF agent. Currently it's not doing that properly reliably, but yeah, uh we are working on that. I think you'll see improvements in that regard. And I'll also uh just go through all of those queries and then make sure that uh the disruption framework is uh getting uh followed properly. And the more we run it, we run your queries just to make sure that it's following the SDF framework and then see your point at the end so we can talk about you know, have it mentioned the reaction functions around mainstream thinking, but the the order of operations uh for sure it should start with the STPF framework. So we'll test use your your prompts and and test it once we update the models. Yep, yep any other observations tony um let's see you know i i you know i i just want to re-emphasize our opportunity is now and you know as long as you know we can we can do this right if we don't you know we don't have precision i think the model is improving in terms of thinking but not in terms of precision and without precision nothing else i mean the thinking is interesting um but you you know without precision um you know nothing else is gonna work right uh we are gonna lose money yeah makes sense totally agree yeah yeah okay um so so here's an idea for you guys to think about um and you know we don't want an answer now but i want you to um to think about you know we we still i i i started the conversation at some point uh on the newsletter right that you know just getting news is not that useful um and you know we we we already have too much news um but the idea of going through you know the morning meeting um and and um understanding what we're talking about um and you know, doing work on that basis, I think is what we need to think about, right? Um, and you know, then i thought that what I really want um is unprompted self-initiated insights from the software. Makes sense. Um so there are things that um, you know, uh cron jobs or whatever that we should be thinking about, whether it's based on you know the the morning meeting or based on the combination, right? If we have um you know the the cumulative morning meetings for six months or nine months or whatever, which we do, um you know, are there insights that we can get out of that that we're not asking, right? What kind of questions or answers are interesting um that we're not asking? And um, you know, I'm top of mind, of course, is you know, the risks to the portfolio, um, which we haven't talked about, but I'm just telling you what I'm what's top of mind, right? Um, you know, um what about correlations breaking? Um let me show you this, um, which is incredibly frustrating. Um can I share something? Oh, chat. Okay, chat. I'll share it in the chat. Um so there was a correlation um, you know, both in oil prices and gas prices. You see the clear lines where it breaks, both broke around the same time, right? Um you know, if you know, which if you follow our conversations in the morning, you know that um you know we had uh uh an LNG position, right? Um it would have been nice for us to understand that that correlation was breaking uh at the beginning of um uh of the year, right? Um it it didn't really take the war in Iran to for that correlation to break. Does that make sense? So I'm just throwing ideas out there now. Let me show you something else, which is um even I don't know if this is right, but check it out. Um, so I asked um you know chat GPT to map Trump's um social media postings about Iran with the price of natural gas in Europe called TTF, right? Look at it. I mean, I don't know if it's right, but if it is, then I would have loved to have known. Makes sense. Um and and so, you know, these are the things that um you know are you know, you know, I'm calling it generally speaking, unprompted self-initiated insights, right? What correlations are breaking? Uh what are the risks, right? Like knowing this would have been um great in terms of risks uh to the portfolio. Um you know, um thresholds in terms of the SIBA framework. Um thresholds happen at 10% or or at 80%. Makes sense, rupture points, um bottlenecks because of different scaling properties, right? Um and I I I think I've mentioned uh in the past, for instance, um logic chips, right? And video or amd or whatever have a different scaling property from memory chips. Knowing that a year ago would have kind of been great. Um I mean, I I knew that they kind of had different scaling properties, but something happened over the last year um that made you know SK Heinex and Micron and whatever just fly. Makes sense. So scaling properties, um, even within two different disruptive technologies, thresholds, um, and so on. These are the kinds of things that I think we can have prone jobs just working for us all the time. Makes sense. Um they just look at the kinds of things we're talking about because we're talking about our portfolio, right? And then it can go off into these kind of things. Does that make sense? News is not interesting, right? Uh, it but but these kind of things um are hugely, hugely valuable, right? Um, and then it can come back, whether it's you know, with an email or you know, um whatever, and say, look, I found these um insights, whether it's you know, correlation breaking, um, thresholds or this or that. Um, and and we can iterate on on what all of this means makes sense. Um, I'm just throwing it out there uh in terms of ideas for us to um to work on, um, you know, that build on our edge, which is the Siva framework, um, and also on on um, you know, help our our team, our analysts and and so on and so forth. Make sense. Yeah, I think that's a good point, and um it seems like uh you know I know you've been talking about news for a while and how it could actually be helpful the examples that you presented and I'm sure we'll go through some more as well uh it's one of the topics we want to bring up as a potential priority for the next QBR and I it to me it makes sense like if there are examples of what's in the portfolio what are the patterns that we have and then come up with specific use cases to train the model on what would be you know gold nuggets for you whether it's uh correlation breaks or new trends anything like that um to me that's more well defined so that it could help you and your team yeah identify those as opposed to just like everything let's just figure out all the you know yeah so uh yeah that's that's definitely a good point we'll carve some time out um and if it's some if it's a priority for the next QBR I'm sure we'll discuss that we can come up with you know very specific uh kind of guidelines start with that as a POC and we can always expand on it as you have new ideas and then yeah yeah I mean let's start with you know five things right um and you know it all has to be based on our edge right we're not we're not gonna download you know a petabyte of data and look at the patterns no that's not that's not what we do right but our edge is the Siva framework right and so how do we um you know build on that right um and and what other questions that you know we're not asking uh I mean the the team is not asking um just because we're busy right but it fits within um you know the STDF makes sense yep makes sense any anything else oh sorry go ahead okay any other observations tony before we move on to the qbr topic you want to discuss um yeah no i did uh one more thing um speed right speed yeah of of processing um but i've already mentioned that before um and so anything we can do to speed it up including actually um can we do local lln processing right um you know now there are tools that can help us do that and i personally am really happy to you know upgrade my my Mac um you know by the latest and greatest and and if I can do you know local processing um so just throwing it out there no thanks for sharing that option I think we'll just quickly brainstorm and some get you something by early next week uh on on this one okay okay and Tony just on that topic uh I did emphasize the theme and you know let me know if you disagree but I still have reservations of the precision of the model as you can see even from your feedback I I don't want to I don't want to forgo lack of precision for speed, at least not yet. And to your point, there are probably this areas for sure where we can speed up uh but in general, unless we're 100% or near 100% confident or have the right guardwheels in place, you know, speed is definitely the secondary uh priority. So I just wanted to highlight that because lasting. Yeah, I don't I don't want bad results quickly, right? Um I I agree with that. Precision is is important. We have to get it right. Um and and then you know we can optimize and whatever. Um but if we can do both, um then that would be great too. I mean, if we need more memory, if we need you know more you know, processing power, whatever, right? Um, if there's something we can do that, you know, hey, might cost money um to speed it up, then you know, with with relatively you know painless technology tweaks or whatever, but I I you know precision, uh I don't want to sacrifice precision. Thank you. Yeah. Well, should we move on to the QBR topic? Sure. Uh and Tony, just a heads up, I have a hard stop in six minutes, but uh you know, I think everybody else will be able to stay. So excuse me if I need wrong. Yeah, already emailed Ohana just a while back, Tony. Uh she's the same one from Neon who helped us to set uh up things right uh in Neon. She's based in Neon. She is based in Switzerland, yes. Um Jackie is kind of out, yeah. Yeah, as you probably know. Yeah, yeah. All right. Uh I think uh so Tony, on a high level, if you can just share your thoughts, should be able to put a few things together. We are meeting Dr. Ali also on the weekend, and then next week we'll be able to email you the formal ones, which we couldn't deep dive. But just wanted to hear a few things from you around, right? What are the things that you want to deep dive? Yeah, so so this is one, right? I mean, one is that um, you know, how how can we make the insights come to you insights come to us, right? Rather than it it I mean, you know, it it's it's hard. I mean, everybody's busy, right? And so how do we um you know hit the team with questions, right? Um, and give them insights and whatever, and us too. Um and and um so so that's a big one. Um the the other one is that um, you know, we're we're a macro fund, right? Um we trade not just stocks, but also you know, commodities, currencies, rates, um, we care about inflation and unemployment and GDP growth and reaction functions and and all that, and a lot of that is not necessarily you know, SIBA framework stuff directly, but it is you know, um as a whole makes sense. Um so you know, as we um think about, and I don't have the answer to this necessarily, um, but uh you know, I as we think about um you know the kinds of value add going forward um we want to think about it in those terms right it's not just um you know what stocks or whatever might be interesting but but also um you know the the bigger picture the macro picture um how do we make it work um for us as a macro fund makes sense um okay so we still need precision and consistency and process okay check um okay unprompted self-initiated insight check um we haven't really done convergence right um i think that you know we have as a group threatened to come back to do convergence but we really haven't done it um yeah so so you know we should talk about that um in bottlenecks for instance um we need to talk about that um and feedback loops and whatever those are essential to to to to the seva framework um let's see what else and yeah i already talked about you know trends especially um you know derived from you know industry level disruption um and i think what i mentioned was all of these companies forward Porsche Honda we're doing 10 billion dollar plus write-offs right let's you know again within the frame of unprompted self-initiated insights is there anything that we can uh to the equation um oh um one note um foreign sources um are we able to get Chinese sources for instance of data um yeah is that a yes or yes because for unemployment battery we have code we are ready to okay check okay good because that's really important right a lot of our of these disruptions i mean china is definitely one of the top um you know um disruptors right in pretty much everything so getting chinese data is is kind of important okay we have the I just want to confirm with the team we were good with all the Chinese data or is there any gaps that we want to get help on not with all uh the Chinese data uh honestly and that's why you know back to our discussion earlier uh correct uh with Tony we're gonna create that capability where when his team goes and collects the data they will be able to put it into data factory because we we said some of this is not available we can't find it etc so um yeah yeah and and yeah I mean if if um you know if they upload whatever their PowerPoints or yes they're the I mean you know we can assume that it that data has been vetted right um and and so um you know we should be able to to use a lot of that and you know we we send a team um to China we send the team uh you know to visit different places and and get actually on the ground data yep and I think there's an easier way we are connecting with Peter and Guido uh next week uh so yeah there's an easier ways because they all save all that data in a shared folder and we have seen the stuff we just tap into that one of the source just like data factory that is also we'll be just doing a qualitative checks and validations in these but we have thought about that option and uh we are we'll be discussing that with them saying because that is that's the easiest way to just go and tap and based on data uh topic and everything we can you know uh easily spring data yeah yeah yeah yeah exactly that that's the best data you know let's just get it off their you know powerpoints and and whatever um and um uh you met Jane right when when you were in London Vasu did you meet Jane yeah Jane has a lot of data on our the macro right um so Jane is um you know a uh an economist so you know her stuff is uh you know mainstream economics and whatever but it's very valuable right um and and it it it gives context in terms of the things that we're talking about right. Um, and you know, as we give the software more context, right? Um macro context, um, there might be things that we can learn from that, right? Again, not STDF, yes, but but important. Yep, not it. Okay, I think these are good starters. Thanks a lot, Tony. Uh formalized it and send it across, and thank you. Okay, thank you. Next, Tony. Sure. Bye everyone. All right. Uh I'll just quickly summarize and send the QBR uh pieces, and let's see if we can quickly take care of that uh UK and lead pieces, I think that were discussed. Just remove those uh ceilings, uh Jitin, uh the floors that you had put across. And uh once you've done it right, uh when you're confident saying, hey, lead is good to go, give me a thumbs up. I I'll tell him so that you know we are able to file those questions there. Okay. Also, when you say QBR pieces, you mean the agenda for the QBR? Yes, we have to prepare because it's hardly like 10 days left to the QBR, right? So everything will come for the last moment, and I don't want us to kind of uh you know dribble between these things. He just gave us the let me stop the recording. He just gave