Hey Judin. Hi, I was for hiding. All set for London. Uh yes. I like I'll just ask you like what uh the questions that they're going to ask because uh they will have the travel record, like I maybe. So I'm just trying to figure out I will anyways uh be shared. Hey Tony, good morning. Hi Tony. Hi Tony. Hello. Hello. You're back in California. We can we get identified from the setup. Hi, yeah. I am I am back. Um but only for a few days. Um flying back Monday, Monday night. Oh, that's yeah Monday night. We have the QBR, right? Right. We are landing there on Thursday evening. Right. Right. Yeah, I land Tuesday afternoon. Tuesday afternoon. Yeah. And and do you know by any chance uh Robert has identified the office and the team is started, or is it still remote? I yeah, it's still remote. Yeah, we have identified two offices, but um yeah, I don't know if we're signed. Got it. Got it. Yeah. Tony. Hello everybody, welcome back. Hello, Ali. How are you? Good. How was your trip? Um long but good. Yeah. Wait. At least you're coming in. Hopefully you didn't run into those uh you know long lines and everything. No, I mean it, you know, it was fairly, fairly quick. San Francisco was was fine, actually. Uh in and out. You feeling any jet lag, Tony, by any chance? Oh, totally. I'm wiped out. Yeah, I'm I'm wiped out. I mean, coming to California for a week is insane. It's insane exactly. It's insane. It's insane. Um, you know, I'm gonna look for a base in Europe somewhere. So that um, you know, when I'm not in London, I just go somewhere in Europe. Because this is insane. Um yeah, I just can't do this anymore. Yeah, yeah, but it takes a toll on the cycle completely. Yeah, yeah. By the time you settle down here, you have to pack again. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Okay, I think uh yeah, uh, hopefully the coffee keeps you awake. And uh I think today's session, uh Tony, we wanted to uh do quick review on the lead and uh AL both. Uh we've made it a couple of changes so we can go through some of the sessions and uh uh Jitin has some of the uh models and responses out there uh which we want to validate uh with you. Okay, perfect. Uh Jitin, I think let's start with lead uh given that is the current topic at hand and let's dive into it later. Okay, sure. So uh I'll just quickly share my screen. Just a second uh just to highlight like uh we got your feedback, uh so yeah, and uh a couple of issues were identified. So we were able to identify that there was a small bug in the disruptor cost forecasting logic, uh, which was actually making the cost go to zero because of uh some linear projections that it was doing. So we fixed that uh and also based upon your earlier input last week, uh, that there should not be any cost flows. We removed that from the forecasting logic as well. And another thing that we added uh was and we just wanted some validation from you on that was like uh on the supply modeling logic. Uh currently we have divided the supply modeling into two parts. One is based upon the annual production and the annual surplus, and then another is on uh the basis of cumulative surplus, uh, which is basically using the inventory that is not being used this year, passed over to the next year. So we have two tables to show basically what's the surplus, the supply-demand balance on both sides. Yeah, wanted your validation on uh which like uh which model we should go forward with in future so that we can just make those changes appropriately. Just to uh the broader updates and just to highlight uh so now if you see the cost curve projections, like this was the earlier uh bug and the cost curves that were earlier being shown going low. Uh and now after the fix that we have made, like you can see like the cost curves are not even, and then you can see like for the lithium ions SLA batteries for USA 2040 cost is now 12 dollars instead of zero. So thanks for the input, and then we have uh made those changes, and that will be reflected in the product. So if you now fire the query, the uh new uh uh forecasting logic is in place with the appropriate curves and like all the relevant values as well, and just on the surplus part, uh so this is the point where we wanted actu uh feedback from you. So if we actually just do not consider any inventory surplus getting carrying forwards from next year from this year to next year, this is the table, like the annual supply-demand flow and the surplus and the 10% over supply, we get as 2029, and in the task model we get it as 2026. But if we actually use the cumulative stockpile view, we get the surplus in 2026. But the uh right side of the table actually, as it is mentioned below, like it does not, it's a simplistic model. If we use that, it actually does not uh consider like the cost it takes to uh handle inventory and all those things, so yeah. So just wanted your input in that, like which model we should forward, right? And this is for lead specifically for lead, right? Yeah, lead and specific for supply model, yeah. Um, let's think about it. I mean, if you have inventory of any metal, what can you do with it? Um yeah, it it will just be there, I guess. Like, I'm not sure. Yeah, it'll be there, right? I mean, you can't you know bury it, you can't um you know, you either you have to sell it, right? I mean, if if carrying costs are really high, then you have to sell it um and uh so yeah I mean basically it accumulates until the whole thing blows up right um and in fact the carrying costs is is a reason why you know the market's gonna blow up right um because at some point um you know folks are gonna be like okay take it at any at any cost makes sense yep so yeah uh if I am understanding correctly like what we want to do is show the table B view like where we are actually showing the surplus comparing it with the uh like inventory backlog that is building up and having that cumulative supply to calculate the surplus yeah um yeah yeah and and and the flow comes out of the inventory also right um so again part of the beauty of this trade is that you know lead is a byproduct of mining um and so mining itself doesn't get shut off when lead demand drops and because of you know the recycling you can also not shut off the supply of so you can't shut off the either the mining or the recycling, right? Um, I mean, I assume you could shut off the the recycling at some point, but um so supply will increase as demand drops, and that's what makes this trade work. Yeah, got uh got so uh just uh again as you mentioned only like uh the primary supply might not go off because like uh it's being mined in parallel with zinc, but uh uh it's a byproduct of uh mining. But uh like do you want us to model like the drop off in recycling, like some sort of decay in or decline in like how much lead is getting recycled year on year, like or like currently because uh we are assuming that all of the uh retirements in terms of vehicles and uh lead battery replacements, 99% of that actually goes into recycling for now. So do you want to gradually decline uh like going forward or like we can the percent that will be that will be recycled? Yes, no, I don't think so, right? Um you know, the more the more um because we want to understand when the thing just fall off a cliff, right? So um, I mean 10 percent, which is my question, is just a number, right? Um you know, it'll be 10 and then the following year will be 20 and then 80 and then 90, right? Um so I want to understand when it's going to fall off a cliff. That's what I really want to understand. Right. Um, because that's when the price is gonna just go negative. Makes sense. Yep, makes sense. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, uh, Tony, these are the updates. And now, if you want, you can just fire the queries on LED with the new fixes that I just uh updated you with. Okay. Uh uh any other comments on lead part, Tony. So lead, I mean is it 2026? Is that when it falls off a cliff? Yes, if we consider the uh cumulative stockpile view where we are actually considering the uh leftover inventory from the previous years as well. But that's this year, yes. So, but when do we start the model? We start it in 25 or 26. When uh uh the model will be updated by next week uh once all of the auto-refresh is done. So we will have yeah historical data till 2025 and the modeling will start from 2026. Currently the and the values that you see are the forecasts are starting from 2025. Um the overall uh uh output will get auto-refreshed once all of the data is auto-refreshed. Okay, okay. Um, because we we can only start from now, right? Um we can't start the model from last year, yeah. Right, yeah. We actually have addressed that, and I think we are working towards making sure by next week we have the most uh recent data for this model. Okay, okay. Uh okay, yeah, yeah. So uh Tony, I'll just quickly switch to the uh AL model highlights as well. I just want to I have previously have also just uh gone through some of the updates on the AL side, but I just want to uh give you a more uh comprehensive view of what we have done in the AL model, just a second. So uh this is uh the updates on the AL model. I just wanted to walk you through quickly, like what are the new changes that we have made. So we added some new data sources in terms of uh the sources that we got from the entropic paper and then uh the uh LN2 uh matrix that we got from all of that raw data that we got, the new data uh from uh from the paper that you all uh pointed us out to. We actually created 12 feature vectors for each task, and for each task and job pair that we got from onit and for each uh pair, which is the job and the task pair from ONET, we ran a clustering algorithm uh which was the K Midoids uh algorithm. Once we're able to divide all of the tasks into four separate clusters, we then did some labeling for each cluster and then parameter assignment for each cluster based upon the feature values, average feature values for each cluster. Uh for example, what is the average uh AI exposure or uh like uh uh cognitive percentage complexities uh matrix, and then once the parameter assignment for each cluster, which is the adoption parameters, like the ceiling and time to 80% adoption and the base floor adoption percentage for each particular cluster, then yeah, and the simulation uh for each task, finding out when the capability will be uh when capability parity and cost parity will be achieved, and then doing the adoption SCAR modeling for each task, aggregating it to a uh job level, then a job group level, and then to a country or economic level. And then one more step that we added was we use the current model and tried to back test it for the last five months and compare the actual unemployment rate with the predicted and unemployment rate from the model itself. So uh this all of this has been done, and now we have the new the latest version of the AL report, and that will be live in the product uh from tomorrow onwards. Uh so tomorrow, okay. And just wanted to just quickly show you like these are the data sources, these are the details of some of the features that we have used for clustering. Uh yeah. So some of the matrix we were able to directly get from the papers. Uh, and then some of them were just uh aggregation of some of the data that we got also just going forward. These are the four clusters, and for each cluster, these are the default parameter values that were associated. I just want to highlight to really like uh you can actually because the model is already there in the product. So if you want to tweak any of the parameters and the regenerate the unemployment numbers, we can all that capability also exists in the product itself. So these are the different values. And if you want, like uh we can have a detailed discussion, and if you want the default values to be altered for each cluster, we can also do that. Uh uh, and just going forward again. This is something that I've also already highlighted in the past. This is the aggregation model that we have from subtask to task, task to jobs, then to groups and the economy. And again, the steps to that we do is capability. We check for the capability parity, cost parity, model adoption S curve, then calculate for each job how many hours will be freed, then apply a risk versus productivity uh split and then uh ceiling cap. Uh and this is the result of the back tests, Tony. So we actually just used the model, and if you can see the blue line, this is the predicted unemployment from the model that we have created, and the actual unemployment numbers are uh on the dotted line. And currently the model is under predicting, so we just want to calibrate the parameters further so that minus uh so but but now we have the capability to just calibrate by matching the data and then run back tests for different time windows, and then another activity that we are going to do is just back test not on the entire unemployment but for some job-specific unemployments. So just to check the robustness of the model. Wow. Okay. I think that is just because, like, if we change some of the parameters here, that's yeah. So it's just more about experimenting different checking out different parameter values and then just looking at which parameter set uh of values like uh gives us the best aligned curve. Got it. Uh but yeah, the overall I think difference is not that much in terms of uh values that are getting predicted, but yeah, make sure that it is more aligned. I think there is uh so yeah, uh these are the updates on the L model child, and the same model will also be applied on the UK data. So I think by tomorrow both the reports US and the UK reports in the product. Okay. Uh any comments, only like these are the updates on the no, no, send send me this so that I can look at it and think about it and have better questions. Sure. Okay. So uh Tony, these are the updates, and then we also to look at the chat where you had actually mentioned like a new formula, like uh uh the capacity factor. Yes. So just wanted to understand, Tony. Like uh will that be a factor. For example, currently we have the S-curve adoption, and that uh helps us model the unemployment curve, and then we apply on top of the S-cover adoption, we apply the replacement and the uh uh sorry, uh the productivity split. So factor will be like a default, another parameter which will enable us to check like this is the capability that exists in the market, but this is the level of adoption that is happening. That gap will be actually quantified by using the capacity factor. Is uh I think that yeah, yeah. Um yeah, um, I mean, look, I I don't I don't want to introduce parameters that don't make sense, right? If we have a way of improving the model, um you know, I want us to experiment with it. So that capability factor is um is just an attempt to explain what's going on right um that we're not really using ai to its fullest extent um and even if adoption were to you know um go through 50 or 80 or whatever that in and of itself may not explain um so let let me let let me give you an example of an existing technology um we use cars five percent of the time yes right um and and that's the capacity factor we we park it 95 percent of the time right um you know the the reason that transport as a service is gonna be so disruptive is that it's gonna take that five percent capacity factor to 50 or 80 percent does that make sense um so but um you know everybody owns a car at least in in in the US and and whatever so one i wanted to separate um you know the the usage of the technology itself of the fullest extent of the technology itself from adoption of the technology right um and i'm gonna come back to that because i have some ideas about you know the the things that i want to talk about in the qbr but um does this make sense that um you know adoption in terms of s curve is not the same thing as using the technology to its fullest extent makes sense yes it makes sense yes but um it has to be predictive if it's not predictive um then we don't want to introduce complexity just to introduce complexity does that make sense yeah yeah because uh yeah that is like if we add another parameter then another way uh to look at it is how we calibrate that parameter using yeah so yeah map this parameter to any kind of like data that has been collected and then get some validation so let me let me tell you what I'm thinking for our software for stellar edge and then let's come back to that right um and and um to see if you know this makes sense um so I've been thinking that um you know following up on my ideas from last week is that we need to flip stellar edge um from you know um essentially a chat based kind of exercise to around the clock, infinite loop kind of software, right? Basically, you know, we don't prompt the software, it prompts us. Yes. Does that make sense? And that can be done via email versus WhatsApp versus whatever, right? Um voice and and and so on. So I want to flip the way that this works so that um you know it's constantly working. It um uses the full extent of the AI capabilities that are out there, right? It's not just um you know, a chat-based thing. So what it's doing all the time is learning and gathering new data, doing the portfolio risk, looking for investment ideas, tracking our positions, writing new PTIPs. Does that make sense? Um, you know, um and so it's working all the time, it's using the full extent of the capabilities 24-7. Right. Right now, we're using a tiny percent of a tiny percent of you know, agentic capabilities and AI capabilities. And you know, we're even Robert, right? Robert, you know, sits in front of this like hours at a time, right? Um, but even four hours is just one sixth of the day. Does that make sense? So what I want to what I want this team to think about is inverting that exercise, right? Um I you know, I I want the software to be working 247. Yeah. Um does that make sense? Makes sense. So uh yes, go ahead. I think we will plan a session on this. Uh we had seven, eight points you mentioned last Friday, and we have put that in our agenda. Uh we will park this uh specific spot, and we have some thoughts. We were also kind of looking at the different claw models and all that they're trying to do with Nim and other pieces, uh, where you are basically giving the right computes and there are themes. Uh, and it's like a very uh the same example you gave with TAS. Five percent you're using it's sleep, it is only activated when you prompt it. Can it be 24-7? The response is so proactive that you don't have to wait for it. Uh, it'll keep giving you right nudges and fine tune the number of nudges and topics and all uh and just go to sleep and it it knows what to do for this week, this day, and it understands better. Yeah, exactly. So it's working all the time. And um, you know, if if it's if it has a question, then WhatsApp me or Robert, right? Hey, I found this. Um, you know, what do you think and whatever? And then it keeps it keeps going. Um so you know, we still have humans in the loop, but it's driven primarily by by the AI, if that makes sense. Yes. Yes. Um, you know, back back to this, Jitin. Um, right now, because it's chat based and whatever, we're only using a tiny percent of a tiny percent of the capabilities. Makes sense. Um even if you know we use it every day. So from an S curve perspective, you know, um within the organization, it's a hundred percent adoption, but it's a hundred percent adoption of one percent of the capability. Yes. Does that make sense? I think it's more like uh we have to add on top of adoption time and compute, like we are maximizing the time and the compute resources that we have so that all of the entire compute the agents are running all the time solving problems, like yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. And and you know, the time is a metric that um you know can be used to um to measure you know work, right? Um but um but yeah, how much time is it working? Just like a car, right? Uh is it is it parked 95% of the time? Um then you know it's not fully using that that that capability, that asset. Makes sense. Right. Makes sense. Um, so from that perspective, adoption S curve is different from capability um factor. Make sense. Makes sense. Also uh just wanted your uh uh inputs on uh the stellar sense, the real-time intelligence. So just want to understand from you, like you mentioned like we uh because currently what uh the model what it tries to do mostly is the news agent, it detects all of the entities that we are uh observing in the uh autonomy stellar capital summaries and the charts, and then it tries to go and get relevant data which is related to cost curves or adoption curves or capabilities, yeah, then surface that news. But uh uh in the last conversation you mentioned like it should go out there, get uh some sort of intelligence that helps us identify new patterns, new things that you thought of as well. Uh like just wanted to know like the like one of the things that the agent can do is we have certain hyper that we work on, we have identifies those hyper hypotheses, and as we go any signal which serves as an evidence for that hypothesis, or maybe like uh something that uh points towards uh let's say a bottleneck or uh uh let's say adoption uh de accelerator in terms of yeah disruption trajectory, we detect those signals, add that to the uh uh newsletter and provide it to you. But just wanted to understand like what different categories of and different patterns you might be looking at within from yeah. So so here's what I'm thinking about. Um so one thing is, you know, things around the SIBA framework itself, right? And also things around or you know, intelligence around and signals around our investments, which you know, hopefully are related. But um you know, um there are what I'm thinking is that for every position that we have in the portfolio, um, we should have five or ten things that we should track, right? Let's say five things that we should track. Um so you know, for the LNG positions that we had or have, um we want to track you know oil prices every day. We want to track uh natural gas prices in Europe and natural gas prices in the US, for instance, um, right? And so let's say just those three things, right? Because we don't um if we had tracked just those three things, um automatically every day, we would have detected that oil prices had been going up since January 1st to the end of Feb, even before the war started, right? And we would have detected that LNG prices were going up in Europe from January 1st. And this is you know a clear pattern, um, even before the war started, right? So the market had already moved um on both, and you know, we were not paying attention. Does that make sense? So this is not SIBA framework stuff, this is portfolio management stuff, right? So for every position we take, um we should be able to track five or ten things that you know essentially as humans, we may not you know have bandwidth to keep track of, right? And if we see a pattern, then we want the software to you know say, hey, danger, danger, danger, right? Um, or or whatever. Have you seen that there is a clear pattern um in this, right? Um if the analyst um so so basically it should prompt us on that basis, right? So it's same things with SIBA framework stuff, but this is portfolio stuff. Make sense, yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah, so that would require us to tell you um, you know, um to have a module for portfolio in each position and five or seven or ten things that we should be tracking every day for every position that that you know in the portfolio. We have also uh had some sessions and we have initiated discussions with Peter and Guido. Gido has access to Bloombook terminal. We want to plug Bloombook terminal directly in your software. That would uh also unlock a lot of qualified data regarding the opinions, but a lot of good data per se. Yeah based on the cost and you know portfolio related pieces uh which can be plugged into the system. Yeah, yeah, no, I I I agree with that. Um we we're we're not gonna download all the data, you know. Uh what but we we need to make sure that you know for every position that we have you know we're clear on what data we need to track and track that data every day, right? Like every single day. This is not this is all real time. I mean, once we have a uh portfolio, we need to track it all the time, right? Um so um in that case, data really is is um, you know, is a thing we need to track all the time, right? If not every hour, at least every day. Makes sense. Yes, definitely. Uh sorry, yeah, just to uh just hit upon like uh this is the news that we are mainly uh focusing on from a portfolio management perspective, but just wanted to get your like maybe some more patterns that you want to see from the frame uh the Saber framework perspective or like the discussion, yeah. But kind of yeah, if you can just give like a similar example for that, so that we can just like uh steer the product and like more in that direction. Yeah, um, so we've talked in the past about scaling properties of you know um of of different technologies, um and and um uh you know so far we've done you know S curves um and so on, which is great. Um you know um as we know um you know solar PV can scale at a certain rate, um batteries can scale, I mean manufacturing at a certain rate, uh logic chips can scale at a certain rate, um memory scales at a certain rate, right? So um if we can track the scaling of the different technologies, the software should be able to tell us that um look, you know, the the the correlations between different scaling properties are going to break, right? Um and correlations breaking is a huge investment opportunity for us, right? And you know, we we all know by now that memory does not scale the same way as logic chips, right? And if we had identified this a year ago, then you know, we could have put money into Heinex and Micron and so on, and and made a bundle of money, right? Um and so what are the so scaling, what are the different scaling properties of different technologies, and when do we think they might break? Correlations breaking are huge, right? Um and and um so what are the bottlenecks, for instance? So the bottlenecks can um out of different things. One is the different scaling properties, right? Um the the other one is um supply and demand. You could you could argue that it's the same thing, right? That demand can scale quickly, but the supply may not be able to scale, maybe, right? Um and in but in some cases supply will scale faster than demand in the case of lead, but in the case of copper, the supply will not scale um the as as quickly as the demand will, right? So if we you know, if we do the the work every day on how demand for copper is increasing based on you know things like SWB and EV and you know and so on but the supply is not scaling as quickly then you know we can identify when uh bottlenecks may emerge before they emerge does that make sense um um you know s curves you know we know that for instance rupture points may happen somewhere between five or ten percent of of of the market um you know when when the new uh basically when the when the new is cheaper than the old even if it's in one market um you know we're looking at a rupture point are we looking at a rupture point in any one market um then we want to know we want to know ahead of the game does that make sense um you know we want to know uh we've talked about this for instance um solar PV distributed and batteries installed can scale at a way faster pace than the existing grid the existing grid is a kludge right it's a disaster um it can only increase incrementally anywhere, right? Um, even in China, but solar can just you know scale uh because it's distributed, um, you know, uh so we know uh in Pakistan it went from essentially zero to eighteen gigawatts of solar in a 30 gigawatt grid. And if we had identified that, we could have invested in the Pakistan stock exchange, which when that was happening, the stock exchange tripled, right? Now, is that the only thing that made the stock exchange triple? Probably not, but if we had identified that basically the supply of kilowatt hours was um you know um uh scaling quickly exponentially, then we could have you know basically come to that realization. Does that make sense? So these are the things that um we can have the software track for us, right? Um every day, download whether it's you know importation data of solar PV and batteries to any given country or um you know installation of solar and batteries uh in any given country and so on. And if if we identify a break in the correlation, then you know we should we should you know basically say, hey, look, I'm identifying this, right? Um does that make sense? Yes, I think this is real stellar sense. Uh yes, not the new spot. So I think when we get this cracked, I think that is exactly what stellar sense would say. Based on your framework, these are the calculations. It's breaking investment opportunity unlocked, try to quantify it and then make bets. Exactly. Exactly, right? Um, so these are things that we should be doing every day, right? It's like, you know, we know data doesn't sleep, we should update it every day. Now we need to realize that the intelligence also does not sleep, right? Um, yeah. Makes sense. Yeah, I think uh that's all for me for now. Uh sure. Uh all right. I think Laksha is his hand raised. Who raised hands? You raised your hand. Mine, oh, sorry. Yeah, yeah, it's all right. All right. I think uh uh Tony, anything from your side? Um no, no, no. I mean, this is what I wanted to talk about, right? Um, yeah, we have some blueprinting exercise where we are actually going deep and you know, uh, on the side. Uh, I'm not probably for two days, but we have Sunday blocked, so at least we can deep dive more deeper with you, Dr. Lee's going. We all will be there, and we want to take you behind the hood this time and show kind of you know, uh, IP that has been created. Uh, I think it is super valuable, and we unfold them and you know, these inputs that you have given us, uh thing it'll only enrich it uh with uh this entire stellar sense becoming like uh uh you know 24 7 clock bot with intelligence on demand for you guys uh yeah to make investment decisions yeah awesome awesome I'm looking forward to that yes uh enjoy your California days and yeah I think hope to see you soon in London and okay all right looking forward to that all right thank you bye bye thanks thank you